# lorcana-app-importer
PowerShell script to create a file readable by the official Lorcana companion app. It will take the export.csv from Dreamborn (https://dreamborn.ink) and create a json file the official Lorcana app can read. Please read this file in total before using this.

# Important notes
It currently only supports Android devices and was tested in German only. I am pretty sure it should be language independent, but I do not have the time nor ressources to test this in other languages or Apple devices. Using the file generated by this script will make you loose decks and wishlists in the app.

# Current limitations
- Iago - Out of Reach (D23 promo) cannot be imported, this card does not show in the app for me.
- Mickey Mouse - True Friend (promo) cannot be imported, this card does not show in the app for me.

# Prerequesites
- Being able to run Powershell scripts.
- Have a cabled connection to your Android phone.

# Usage
1. Extract the zip file and place db-app-importer.ps1 and the mapping.csv into a folder of your choice (e. g. "db-app-importer").
2. Export your collection at Dreamborn. You will get a file named export.csv
3. Place the export.csv next to the script in the folder from step 1.
4. Optional but highly recommended: backup you previous userdata.json from your phone located at Android\data\com.ravensburger.disney.lorcana\files
5. Run the script (db-app-importer.ps1). It will create a file named userdata.json next to it (overwriting a file named equally).
6. Fully close down the Lorcana app on your phone.
7. Replace the userdata.json on your phone with the file generated by the script.
8. Start Lorcana app and see your personal collection.

# Bug reports
There is a good chance of incorrectly imported cards. If you encounter any bugs, drop a mail at lorcanaappimporter@gmail.com. Please be very specific with the cards you wanted to import and what happened you think was wrong. I will need your export.csv from Dreamborn (remove stuff you do not want to show) and the text from your terminal (if any).

# Disclaimer
I am not affiliated with Dreamborn, Ravensburger or Disney. Trademarks belong to their respective owners. I do not give any warranty, especially if your data is lost.
